Welcome to this lesson on Recommendation Engines.
Recommendation engines are one of
the most important data science applications in use today.
Data science is being used to recommend everything from
music and movies to friends and new destinations.
In this lesson, you'll learn about some of
the most common methods used to build recommendations.
These methods fall into three main categories: Knowledge-based recommendations,
content-based recommendations, and collaborative filtering-based recommendations.
This will serve as a strong foundation to build upon in
the following lessons where you'll be ready to
look at more advanced recommendation techniques.